Figure 2
Figure 2. Linear relationship
between CD20 expression versus
rituximab-CMC was observed only in
single-cell clones from RSCL. A
threshold of surface CD20 density
appeared to be required for efficient
cytotoxicity. Single-cell clones of
parental Raji and the RRCL, Raji2R,
were obtained by limiting dilution.
ImageStream analysis of
approximately 5,000 cells per clone.
(A) mean surface CD20 density in
each clone calculated as described
earlier. Rituximab-CMC in different
clones was determined by 51Crrelease
assay. B, surface CD20
expression plotted against
rituximab-CMC to determine the
correlation. C and D, surface CD55
and CD59 expression of individual
clones determined by ImageStream.